docs: Group by sales register report (#663)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/accounting-reports.md

<img alt="GSTR-1" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/reports/gstr-1.png">

### 5.2 GSTR-2 (India)
Go to: **Accounts > Goods and Services Tax (GST India) > GSTR-2**.

The GSTR-2 report helps Indian users to file monthly return of inward supplies. The report gives the details of all inward supplies of goods or services received during a month, in Govt specified format.

<img alt="GSTR-2" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/reports/gstr-2.png">

## 6. Analytics
### 6.1 Item wise Sales and Purchase Register
Go to: **Accounts > Analytics > Item-wise Sales Register *or* Item-wise Purchase Register**.

The Item Wise Sales and Purchase Register report shows all the Sales and Purchase transactions for a given period with item rate, quantity, amount and tax details. In this report, taxes has a separate column, so you can easily get individual taxes for each individual item. From this report you can have a look of which items are sold or purchase most.

<img alt="Item Wise Sales Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/reports/item-wise-sales-report.png">

> More detailed analysis can also be done by using the group by filter which gives sales data for a specific customer, supplier, territory etc and find out which item is more popular in which region or which customer is buying which item more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed analysis can also be done by using the 'Group By' filter which gives sales data for a specific Customer, Supplier, Territory, etc. You can find out which Item is more popular in which region or which Customer is buying which Item more.
```
